hey guys this is a Bugsy productions I
am going to be showing you my first and
customized level figures you guys can
probably build this yourselves i'll have
instructions on it and let's get down to
it alright so the first thing i have
over here is one of the Russian figures
you see in the beginning of modern
warfare 2 and everything I know and take
down you see these guys with snipers
over here i have the guy that is in call
of duty 4 i'm eric i think his name is M
her house it k of something like that
yeah I'm not good with it as you could
see I have his arm off there I have
meant some backgrounds but not much one
of my most favorite is sergeant Foley I
create a little blood stain there this
is when in I'm not sure what the mission
was that you were that Ramirez was him
it was before second son I know I forgot
the name oh yeah who cares anyways and
here I'll show you some decals on him
this body is actually first of all let
me show you the body I have any boy
sorry about that i have i have um
what's-his-name Mace Windu's head for
this so this body plate i don't remember
i think i got from indiana jones set and
these legs i definitely don't want to
bore i got from standard minifigure
hands and this if you look on the side
to have a cracked or dent on it because
i found that was dented i have his
goggles which you'd see in the game and
that's one bigger anyways so and then i
have an omission contingency to russian
snow troopers now I should be getting
another gun shipments off the guns
aren't so good you know I don't don't
leave hate pants I think that is about
it okay so
yeah i just want to show you one more
thing my clone army my lego clone army
have a droid over there i have custom
clones of Darth Vader what city is to
quang commandos oh one of them dropped I
really don't care about that anyways if
you guys want instructions on anything
just post a comment and i will try to
make the instructions into a video okay
sub please and yeah you know just sub
all right well that's it I'll see you
guys later